Here are a few reasons to subscribe to JBoss, View them all at http://www.jboss.org/why-subscribe

More capability, less cost
Delivered via subscription. So you pay for what's most important to you.

Build Your Expertise
As a subscriber, you’ll have access to exclusive content and guidance on the Red Hat Customer Portal.  Easily find answers to common questions, and collaborate with peers and Red Hat experts.

Articles and Solutions
Troubleshoot your issues and find answers to support questions before you open a ticket

Reference Architectures
Detailed technical case studies describe how to implement recommended solutions that are built, tested and benchmarked

Tech Briefs
Use cases that provide practical advice to help you solve real-world problems with Red Hat products

Documentation
Understand, evaluate, install, operate, maintain and administer Red Hat products in supported settings and configurations

Videos
Vital solutions, useful tips, product demonstrations, and inside information from Red hat engineers and industry experts

Get Help When You Need It
Subscribers have unlimited access to Red Hat’s world-class support services, and to a growing library of diagnostic tools and services integrated with JBoss products.  Access support services 24/7 via the Customer Portal, directly from enabled Red Hat products or by phone or email.

Manage Support Cases\n\
Create, track and manage your support case activity

Remote Support and Chat
Directly access our support engineers via a remote access session or using chat support

Red Hat Access Labs
Tools developed by Red Hat engineers to improve performance, quickly troubleshoot issues, identify security problems, and more

Recommendations powered by Andreas
Search our knowledgebase while you type and our recommendations engine analyzes the information you provide to suggest solutions or helpful articles

Red Hat Access Search, Support and Diagnose
Red Hat’s services and diagnostics are integrated directly into a growing list of products.  Access enabled products provide proactive notifications, quicker issue resolution, and seamless access to assistance, analysis and advanced diagnostic services

Multi-Vendor Case Ownership
Red Hat takes ownership of issues that involve our products as well as solutions from other vendors, giving you the assurance that your multi-vendor environment is supported

Deploy Without Worries
We take care of the complexities of deploying open source software in your mission critical environments so you don’t have to.  Red Hat products are secure, stable and extensively tested for production use

Security
Our Security Response Team (SRT) works around the clock to ensure that your environments are not exposed to any known security vulnerabilities.  We provide Security Alerts, Bug Fixes and Enhancements for active products through a searchable Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) database.  SRT works with customers, partners, security watchdog groups and the global open source community to identify and address security vulnerabilities.  98% of critical vulnerabilities have a fix within 1 calendar day of becoming public.\n\

Tested and Certified
Red Hat products undergo extensive testing and certification with a wide range of hardware and software, freeing you from time-consuming troubleshooting to focus on building your applications.  You can even confidently deploy Red Hat products in public clouds by using a Red Hat Certified Cloud Provider.

Support Satisfaction Report – http://red.ht/1lE0yWT

Case Studies – http://http://red.ht/1gIrXCt

Datasheets and brochures – http://red.ht/1swufdb

Whitepapers – http://red.ht/1k5l42A

Webinars – http://red.ht/1luB3V0

